Looking at old photos is hard, not because of the quality, or my look, but because of the disconnect between now and then. That feeling of knowing the person staring back in that photo is you, but also of being a completly diffrent person than you were then. I'd doubt anyone is the same as they were when they were a child. But everyone has been a child, so everyone understands the feeling of being carefree, of pure naive joy, of unknowing. Many stories fall under the "comeing of age" genre, and, to me, none of these stories have resonated. I have never wanted to grow up, and now when I look back all I see is the lost years. The lost time I spent doing absolutly nothing. Not because I wasted that time, but because I wish I could do that now. I now understand why those comeing of age films never resonated with me, because they all see the increase in expectations and understanding as a good thing. And I think most people would agree. But I don't, there is almost nothing I wouldent trade to have just one more day with no care about the future. Or just to tell my younger self to cherish that time, because as with all things its limited. But if there are so many comeing of age peices of media then it must resonate with some people, right? So what about them is so appealing to people? I can understand enjoying the incresed freedom that comes with getting older. But there has to be more than that, so is it the idea of leaving, or moving. Because the ideas of leaving also have never fit with me. I see leaving as loss, even if it is to a better place. Because with leaving there is a forced inherint idea of not going back, at least for a short while. Because you lose some of the security that comes with the previous area, however little it is. I think the core reason I dislike the genre is because of the diffrence in how I feel versus other people about loss. I generally do all in my power to stop change, and to restrict loss. But, of course, this doesent always work out, people change, places change and it is hopefully not going to stop anytime soon. Seeing that this is inevitable I have tried to rationalize it through the idea that: if its all going to change anyway then you should work to make the change in the right direction, and I agree with that, but it still doesent mean I like loss, I have just strucken a deal with it. I guess the idea that I am trying to get at is that change, and inherint loss, are not supposed to be bad, but it's not like thinking that is going to change my view of it. People cant just decide to change their thinking one day. So we just need to learn to live with it.

Leisurly lead Ambigus ending
list
nameing thinking,  revising thinking
